Project Proposal 1

GROUP MEMBERS: Cecilia Rosado, Hunter Pollock, Filipe-Ziyad DeSouza, Luke Niemiec

1. Problem Statement: Clearly describe the real-world problem your software will address.

	Students want to access blackboard content locally in a filesystem without using blackboard UI and students can't access their courses on blackboard via the API.
	Therefore, Using a Blackboard Webscraper can grab files, assignments and folders from student's courses automatically.

2. Objectives: Define what the system will achieve (functional and non-functional goals).

	Functional Requirements:
		. System allows the user to download all of the content from all of their courses in the current semester formatted and saved as files and directories on their local computer
		. System stores user credentials to their outlook account using firefox's ProfileManager or as cached cookies and javascript localStorage or sessionStorage
		. System retains file strucure as seen directly on blackboard's courses
		. System doesnt redownload files or remove files on the user's computer
		. System asks user for output path if there isnt one already stored on the machine
		
	Non-Functional Requirements:
		. The system will allways recurse through every folder in every course to make sure it doesnt miss any data, this could be quite a long runtime on a laptop such as mine.
		. The system might need some help logging in from the user or might flag the browser as suspicous, this may need to be addressed during the SDL
		

3. Scope & Limitations: Specify what features are included and excluded.

	Features:
		. pre-stored credentials for outlook and blackboard
		. downloads all files from their blackboard account for the current semester

	Limitations:
		. probably a slow runtime for small machines
		. will need the path of the output directory upon first run
		. will need to login-in to outlook & blackboard on first run and possibly frequently depending on later additions


4. Technology Stack: Identify programming language(s), frameworks, and tools.

	Programming language: python 3.14 

	Framework / Tools:
		. python 3.14 selenium package: python interface for controlling browser instances
		
		. geckodriver:	gets input from selenium webdriver and controls the selenium generated webpage
		
		. selenium-manager: configures binary locations for selenium webdriver to use 
